Provide instructions on how to revert each action of the installer (#545)
jupyterhub/the-littlest-jupyterhub: docs/topic/installer-actions.rst

uses the system's installed python and is owned by root. It also contains a binary install 
of `traefik <http://traefik.io/>`_. This virtual environment is completely managed by TLJH.

.. note::
	If you try to remove TLJH, revert this action using:

	.. code-block:: bash

> 		/opt/tljh/hub/bin/pip freeze | xargs sudo /opt/tljh/hub/bin/pip uninstall -y

Reviewer: I'm curious what explicitly uninstalling stuff gives us over just removing the directory. The virtualenv should keep everything in there...

Author: I believe, nothing. I wrote this last night and I guess I wast just being extra paranoid and exaggerated :smile:

By default, ``sudo`` does not respect any custom environments you have activated. The ``PATH=${PATH}``
'fixes' that.

.. note::
	If you try to remove TLJH, revert this action using:

	.. code-block:: bash

> 		/opt/tljh/user/bin/pip freeze | xargs sudo /opt/tljh/user/bin/pip uninstall -y

Reviewer: Same here re: removing the directory.

In addition, each running Jupyter user gets their own systemd unit of the name ``jupyter-<username>``.

.. note::
	If you try to remove TLJH, revert this action using:

	.. code-block:: bash

		# stop the services
		systemctl stop jupyterhub.service
		systemctl stop traefik.service

> 		systemctl stop jupyter-<username>

Reviewer: Mention that you need to do this for all users

directories of these users under ``/home/``.

.. note::
	If you try to remove TLJH, in order to remove a user and its home directory, use:

	.. code-block:: bash

		sudo userdel -r <user>

Keep in mind that the files located in other parts of the file system
will have to be searched for and deleted manually.

.. note::
	To remove the user groups units:

	.. code-block:: bash

		sudo delgroup jupyterhub-users
		sudo delgroup jupyterhub-admins
		# remove jupyterhub-admins from the sudoers group
		sudo rm /etc/sudoers.d/jupyterhub-admins

Passwordless ``sudo`` for JupyterHub admins
============================================

``/etc/sudoers.d/jupyterhub-admins`` is created to provide passwordless sudo for all JupyterHub
admins. We also set it up to inherit ``$PATH`` with ``sudo -E``, to more easily call ``conda``,
``pip``, etc.

Removing TLJH
=============

If trying to wipe out a fresh TLJH installation, follow the instructions on how to revert
each specific modification the TLJH installer does to the system.

.. note::
	If using a VM, the recommended way to remove TLJH is destroying the VM and start fresh.

.. warning::

> 	Completly uninstalling TLJH after it has been used it's a difficult task because it's

Reviewer 2: Spotted a minor typo:

```suggestion
	Completely uninstalling TLJH after it has been used is a difficult task because it's
```

Author: Thanks @jtpio

user groups, and then remove the groups themselves. You might have to archive or delete the home
directories of these users under ``/home/``.

.. note::
	If you try to remove TLJH, in order to remove a user and its home directory, use:

	.. code-block:: bash

		sudo userdel -r <user>

> Keep in mind that the files located in other file systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that the files located in other parts of the file system
```
